
[2]-What is ASP.NET Core Web API?
The term API stands for Application Programming Interface.
 ASP.NET Core Web API is a framework provided by Microsoft that makes it easy to build Web APIs, i.e.,
 HTTP-based services.
 The ASP.NET Core Web API is ideal for building Restful services on top of the .NET Platform,
 commonly known as the .NET Core Platform. These Web API services can then be consumed by a variety of clients, such as
 
 Browsers
 Mobile applications
 Desktop applications
 IOTs, etc.

ASP.NET Core Web API is commonly used for building RESTful APIs that expose data and services over HTTP.
 It’s suitable for various scenarios,
 including building back-end services for web,
 mobile, and desktop applications, providing data to single-page applications (SPAs),
 and creating microservices that can be deployed independently.

[3]-Why We Need ASP.NET Core Web API?
Nowadays, a web application is not sufficient or enough to reach all its customers. 
People are becoming very smart; they are using different types of devices, such as mobile, iPhones, tablets, etc., 
in their daily lives. 
These devices have a lot of apps that make their life easy. In simple words, we can say that we are moving toward the app world from the web.

So, if we want to expose our data (business data) to the browsers and to all these modern device apps in a fast, 
secure, and simple way, then we should have an API that should be compatible with browsers and all these modern devices.

The ASP.NET Core Web API is a great framework for building HTTP services that can be consumed by a broad range of clients,
 including browsers, mobiles, iPhones, and tablets.

[4]-ASP.NET Core Web API Features:
1-Cross-Platform Support:
2-Performance
3-Routing
4-Model Binding and Validation
5-Dependency Injection
6-Middleware Support
7-Content Negotiation and Serialization
8-Versioning


[][][][] .NET Core (.NET) vs ASP.NET Core:
Many people are confused between ASP.NET Core and .NET Core. Please note that ASP.NET Core and .NET Core are not the same. 
They are different, just like ASP.NET and .NET Framework are different.
 ASP.NET Core is a fast, lightweight, modular, and open-source framework for creating Web Applications, Mobile Applications, 
and Web Services that run on Windows, 
Linux, and macOS. .NET Core is a software platform or you can say Runtime Environment on which ASP.NET Core applications run.
