
[1]- What is HTTP?
HTTP stands for Hypertext Transfer Protocol. 
It is the foundation for exchanging information between a web server and a client on the Web.
 HTTP defines the format for messages (requests and responses) between the Clients and Server


[2] - How do the Browser and Server Communicate with each other?
HTTP is used for communication between the client and server. Let us understand what it means by client and server with an example.
Suppose you open the web browser, type the URL in the browser, 
and press the enter button. When you press the enter button,
 a request is going to the server (called a web server). 
Whatever data you send from the web browser to the web server is called a Request,
 and whatever data you receive from the web server is called a Response. 
This is how the browser and web server communicate with each other in the form of Requests and Responses. 
This type of communication is only possible by using HTTP Protocol.
 So, the request can be termed an HTTP Request, and the response can be called HTTP Response.
Browser is not the only client. For example, if you use a mobile application, your mobile is a client. 
If you call APIs using tools like Postman and Fiddler, then Postman and Fiddlers are also the clients.

[3] - HTTP Request Components:
URL: Each Request must have a unique URL.
Verb (Method): Each Request must have an HTTP Verb. Examples include GET, POST, PUT, PATCH, DELETE, etc.
Header(s): Each Request can contain one or more Headers.
Body: Each request can have a body. The body contains the data that we want to send to the server.

1-Start Line
Request Method: This specifies the action to be performed. Common methods include GET (retrieve data), POST (submit data for processing), PUT (update data), and DELETE (remove data), among others.
Request URI (Uniform Resource Identifier): The URI (usually a URL) identifies the specific resource on the server that the client wants to interact with.

2-Request Headers: 
Each HTTP Request can contain one or more Request Headers. The Request Header will be in the form of key-value pairs that provide additional information about the request. Some common headers include:

3-Request Body (Optional): 
The body of an HTTP request is optional and is used when sending additional data to the server, like in POST, PUT, or PATCH requests. It could contain data from a form submission, file uploads, or JSON/XML data in the case of API requests.

[4] - HTTP Response Components:s
same component of the request with some differents

[5] - HTTP Verbs or HTTP Methods:
post - delete - put - get - PATCH 

[6] - HTTP Status Codes:
The HTTP status code is also one of the important components of HTTP Response. The Status code is issued from the server, and they give information about the response
1XX: Informational Response 
2XX: Successful Response
3XX: Redirection Response
4XX: Client Error Response 
5XX: Server Error Response 